c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\kursovaya.exe.config
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\kursovaya.exe
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\kursovaya.pdb
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.g.resources
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.exe
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya.pdb
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AddEditDogovors.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\DogovorsPage.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AddEditDogovors.baml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\DogovorsPage.baml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\kursovaya_Content.g.cs
c:\users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\ClientsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\ClientsPage.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\SotrudPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\SotrudPage.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\TypesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\TypesPage.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\FilialsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\FilialsPage.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AddEditClient.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AddEditClient.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AdmPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\AdmPage.baml
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\ResultPage.g.cs
C:\Users\miloserdoff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovaya\kursovaya\obj\Debug\ResultPage.baml
